content/posts/first.md, before:

---
title: First Post!
date: 2015-02-01
categories: [python]
---

Here is an example of some python code.

```python
def fact(n):
    if n == 0:
        return 1
    return n * fact(n - 1)
```

And here is how to use it!

```python
>>> fact(0)
1
>>> fact(5)
120
```

Here's a bash example.

```python
{{ "posts/first.py"|include_file }}
```

```{.terminal}
$ cat first.py
print 'hello world!'
$ python first.py
hello world!
```

{% filter dot("Embedded dot diagram!") %}
graph {
    a0 -- b0
    a0 -- b1
    a0 -- b2
    a0 -- b3
    a1 -- b0
    a1 -- b1
    a1 -- b2
    a1 -- b3
    a2 -- b0
    a2 -- b1
    a2 -- b2
    a2 -- b3
    a3 -- b0
    a3 -- b1
    a3 -- b2
    a3 -- b3
}
{% endfilter %}

{% filter ditaa("Embedded ditaa diagram!") %}
    +--------+   +-------+    +-------+
    |        | --+ ditaa +--> |       |
    |  Text  |   +-------+    |diagram|
    |Document|   |!magic!|    |       |
    |     {d}|   |       |    |       |
    +---+----+   +-------+    +-------+
        :                         ^
        |       Lots of work      |
        +-------------------------+
{% endfilter %}

That's it!

Commit message:

Add plot filter. Files are a bit too big.

content/posts/first.md, after:

---
title: First Post!
date: 2015-02-01
categories: [python]
---

Here is an example of some python code.

```python
def fact(n):
    if n == 0:
        return 1
    return n * fact(n - 1)
```

And here is how to use it!

```python
>>> fact(0)
1
>>> fact(5)
120
```

Here's a bash example.

```python
{{ "posts/first.py"|include_file }}
```

```{.terminal}
$ cat first.py
print 'hello world!'
$ python first.py
hello world!
```

{% filter dot("Embedded dot diagram!") %}
graph {
    a0 -- b0
    a0 -- b1
    a0 -- b2
    a0 -- b3
    a1 -- b0
    a1 -- b1
    a1 -- b2
    a1 -- b3
    a2 -- b0
    a2 -- b1
    a2 -- b2
    a2 -- b3
    a3 -- b0
    a3 -- b1
    a3 -- b2
    a3 -- b3
}
{% endfilter %}

{% filter ditaa("Embedded ditaa diagram!") %}
    +--------+   +-------+    +-------+
    |        | --+ ditaa +--> |       |
    |  Text  |   +-------+    |diagram|
    |Document|   |!magic!|    |       |
    |     {d}|   |       |    |       |
    +----+---+   +-------+    +-------+
         :                        ^
         |      Lots of work      |
         +------------------------+
{% endfilter %}

{% filter plot("Embedded plot!") %}
import random
data = [random.random() for x in xrange(100)]
plt.plot(data)
{% endfilter %}

That's it!
